[ADD] misc: connect office365 with azure oauth (#2888)
odoo/documentation: content/administration/maintain/azure_oauth.rst

Setup in Microsoft Azure Portal
===============================

Create a new application
------------------------

To get started, go to `Microsoft's Azure Portal <https://portal.azure.com/>`_. Log in with the
:guilabel:`Microsoft Outlook Office 365` account if there is one, otherwise log in with the
personal :guilabel:`Microsoft account` (this should match the email address being configured in
Odoo). Navigate to the section labeled :guilabel:`Manage Azure Active Directory`.

Now, click on :guilabel:`Add (+)`, located in the top menu, and then select :guilabel:`App
registration`. On the :guilabel:`Register an application` screen, rename the :guilabel:`Name` to
“Odoo”. Under the :guilabel:`Supported account types` section select :guilabel:`Accounts in any
organizational directory (Any Azure AD directory - Multitenant) and personal Microsoft accounts
(e.g. Skype, Xbox)`.

Under the Redirect URL section select :guilabel:`Web` as the platform and then input
`https://yourdbname.odoo.com/microsoft_outlook/confirm` in the URL field. Be sure to replace the
*yourdbname* part of the URL with the actual Odoo database name. Click :guilabel:`Register` and the
application is created.

> Create Credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create credentials
```

------------------

Now that the app is set up, credentials need to be created. These include the :guilabel:`Client ID`
and :guilabel:`Client Secret`. To start, the :guilabel:`Client ID` can be copied from the

> :guilabel:`Overview` page of the App. The :guilabel:`Client ID` or :guilabel:`Application ID` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Overview` page of the app. The :guilabel:`Client ID` or :guilabel:`Application ID` is
```

located under the :guilabel:`Display Name` in the :guilabel:`Essentials` overview of the app.

.. image:: azure_oauth/application-id.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Application or client ID located in the Overview of the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Application/Client ID located in the Overview of the app.
```

> Next, the :guilabel:`Client Secret Value` will need to be retrieved. To get this value, click on
> :guilabel:`Certificates & Secrets` in the left sidebar menu. A :guilabel:`Client Secret` will need
> to be produced. In order to do this, click on the :guilabel:`(+) New Client Secret` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, the :guilabel:`Client Secret Value`needs to be retrieved. To get this value, click on
:guilabel:`Certificates & Secrets` in the left sidebar menu. Then, a :guilabel:`Client Secret` needs
to be produced. In order to do this, click on the :guilabel:`(+) New Client Secret` button.
```

A window on the right will populate with the option to :guilabel:`Add a client secret`. Under

> :guilabel:`Description` type in `Odoo Fetchmail` and then set the :guilabel:`expiration date`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Description`, type in `Odoo Fetchmail` and then set the :guilabel:`expiration date`.
```

There are a variety of expiration dates to choose from, including custom. A new :guilabel:`Client
Secret` will need to be produced and configured if the first one expires. In this event, there

> could  be an interruption of service, so the expiration date should be noted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
could be an interruption of service, so the expiration date should be noted.
```

Click on :guilabel:`Add` when these two values are entered. A :guilabel:`Client Secret Value` and
:guilabel:`Secret ID` will be created. It is important to copy the :guilabel:`Value` or
:guilabel:`Client Secret Value` into a notepad as it will become encrypted after leaving this page.
The :guilabel:`Secret ID` is not needed.

.. image:: azure_oauth/secretvalue.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Client Secret Value or value in the app's credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Client Secret Value or Value in the app's credentials.
```

> API Permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API permissions
```

---------------

> The :guilabel:`API Permissions` should be set next. The :guilabel:`API permissions` link is located

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`API permissions` should be set next. The :guilabel:`API permissions` link is located
```

> The :guilabel:`API Permissions` should be set next. The :guilabel:`API permissions` link is located
> in the :guilabel:`Left Menu`. Click on the :guilabel:`(+) Add a Permission` button and select
> :guilabel:`Microsoft Graph` under :guilabel:`Commonly Used Microsoft APIs`. After doing so, select
> the :guilabel:`Delegated Permissions` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`API Permissions` should be set next. First, click the :guilabel:`API permissions`
link, located in the left menu bar. Next, click on the :guilabel:`(+) Add a Permission` button and
select :guilabel:`Microsoft Graph` under :guilabel:`Commonly Used Microsoft APIs`. After doing so,
select the :guilabel:`Delegated Permissions` option.
```

> :guilabel:`Search` and :guilabel:`Add permissions` for the following :guilabel:`Deregulated
> permissions`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the search bar, search for the following :guilabel:`Deregulated permissions` and click
:guilabel:`Add permissions` for each one:
```

- :guilabel:`SMTP.Send`
- :guilabel:`IMAP.AccessAsUser.All`

> The :guilabel:`User.Read` permission will be added by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   The :guilabel:`User.Read` permission will be added by default.
```

.. image:: azure_oauth/permissions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: API permissions added for the app.

Assign Users and Groups
=======================

> Navigate back to the :guilabel:`Overview` of the :guilabel:`Application` in the top of the menu on
> the left-hand side. It's time to add users onto this application. Under the :guilabel:`Essentials`
> overview table click on the link :guilabel:`Managed Application in Local Directory`, or the last
> option on the bottom right-hand side of the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding the API permissions, navigate back to the :guilabel:`Overview` of the
:guilabel:`Application` in the top of the menu on the left-hand side. 

Now, add users to this application. Under the :guilabel:`Essentials` overview table, click on the
link labeled :guilabel:`Managed Application in Local Directory`, or the last option on the bottom
right-hand side of the table.
```

.. image:: azure_oauth/managed-application.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Link to the created application and to add users/groups.

> In the :guilabel:`Left Menu` select :guilabel:`Users and Groups`. Next select the :guilabel:`(+)
> Add User/Group`. Depending on the account, either a :guilabel:`Group` and :guilabel:`User` can be
> added, or :guilabel:`Users` alone. Personal accounts will only allow for users to be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the left menu bar, select :guilabel:`Users and Groups`. Next, click on :guilabel:`(+) Add
User/Group`. Depending on the account, either a :guilabel:`Group` and a :guilabel:`User` can be
added, or only :guilabel:`Users`. Personal accounts will only allow for :guilabel:`Users` to be
added.
```

> Add the users or group of users that will be sending from the :guilabel:`Microsoft account` in
> :guilabel:`Odoo` by clicking on :guilabel:`None Selected` under users or groups. :guilabel:`Add`
> the users/groups, click :guilabel:`Select` and then :guilabel:`Assign` them to the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, add the users or group of users that will be sending emails from the :guilabel:`Microsoft
account` in :guilabel:`Odoo` by clicking on :guilabel:`None Selected` under :guilabel:`Users` or
:guilabel:`Groups`. :guilabel:`Add` the users/groups, click :guilabel:`Select`, and then
:guilabel:`Assign` them to the application.
```

This completes the setup on the :guilabel:`Microsoft Azure Portal` side.

Setup in Odoo
=============

> Enter Microsoft Outlook Credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter Microsoft Outlook credentials
```

-----------------------------------

> First, open :guilabel:`Odoo` and navigate to the :guilabel:`Apps module`. Then, remove the Apps
> filter from the :guilabel:`search bar` and type in `Outlook`. Install the module called
> :guilabel:`Microsoft Outlook`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, open the Odoo database and navigate to the :guilabel:`Apps` module. Then, remove the
:guilabel:`Apps` filter from the search bar and type in `Outlook`. After that, install the module
called :guilabel:`Microsoft Outlook`.
```

> Next, navigate to :guilabel:`Settings ‣ General Settings`, and under the :guilabel:`Discuss`
> section, ensure that the checkbox for :guilabel:`Custom Email Servers` is checked. This populates a
> new option for :guilabel:`Outlook Credentials`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, navigate to :guilabel:`Settings --> General Settings`, and under the :guilabel:`Discuss`
section, ensure that the checkbox for :guilabel:`External Email Servers` is checked. This populates a
new option for :guilabel:`Outlook Credentials`.
```

Nitpick: this PR is targeting the `14.0` branch, and in Runbot 14.0, this field is called "External Email Servers" instead of "Custom Email Servers. I would make note of this so you can open a new PR to correct it for 15.0 user docs, after this PR is merged and forward-ported.

Author: Note: [Task #3048351](https://www.odoo.com/web#id=3048351&cids=3&menu_id=4720&action=333&active_id=6050&model=project.task&view_type=form)

:guilabel:`Save` the progress.

> Then, copy and paste the :guilabel:`Client ID (Application ID)` and :guilabel:`Client Secret
> (Client Secret Value)` into the respective fields and :guilabel:`Save` the settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, copy and paste the :guilabel:`Client ID` (Application ID) and :guilabel:`Client Secret`
(Client Secret Value) into the respective fields and :guilabel:`Save` the settings.
```

> .. image:: azure_oauth/outlookcreds.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Outlook Credentials in Odoo General Settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Nitpick: this PR is targeting the `14.0` branch, and in Runbot 14.0, the "Custom Email Servers" field is called "External Email Servers." I would delete this image directive, but keep the image in the folder and make note of this so you can open a new PR to add it back in for 15.0 user docs, after this PR is merged and forward-ported.

Author: Note: [Task #3048351](https://www.odoo.com/web#id=3048351&cids=3&menu_id=4720&action=333&active_id=6050&model=project.task&view_type=form)

Configure outgoing email server
-------------------------------

> After that, on the :guilabel:`General Settings` page, under :guilabel:`Custom Email Servers`, click
> :guilabel:`Outgoing Email Servers` to configure the external :guilabel:`Microsoft account`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, on the :guilabel:`General Settings` pa'ge, under the :guilabel:`External Email Servers`
setting, click the :guilabel:`Outgoing Email Servers` link to configure the Microsoft account.
```

Nitpick: this PR is targeting the `14.0` branch, and in Runbot 14.0, this field is called "External Email Servers" instead of "Custom Email Servers." I would make note of this so you can open a new PR to correct it for 15.0 user docs, after this PR is merged and forward-ported.

Author: Note: [Task #3048351](https://www.odoo.com/web#id=3048351&cids=3&menu_id=4720&action=333&active_id=6050&model=project.task&view_type=form)

> Then, create a new email server and select the option for :guilabel:`Outlook`. Next, fill in the
> :guilabel:`Name` (it can be anything) and the Microsoft Outlook email :guilabel:`Username`. If
> empty, enter the :guilabel:`From Filter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, create a new email server and check the box for :guilabel:`Outlook`. Next, fill in the
:guilabel:`Description` (it can be anything) and the Microsoft Outlook email :guilabel:`Username`.
If empty, enter the :guilabel:`From Filter`.
```

Nitpick: this PR is targeting the `14.0` branch, and in Runbot 14.0, this field is called "Description" instead of "Name." I would make note of this so you can open a new PR to correct it for 15.0 user docs, after this PR is merged and forward-ported.

Also, question @tiku-odoo:  by `` If empty, enter the :guilabel:`From Filter`. `` what do you mean? If the "Username" is empty? It's unclear.

Author: Note: [Task #3048351](https://www.odoo.com/web#id=3048351&cids=3&menu_id=4720&action=333&active_id=6050&model=project.task&view_type=form)

> Click on :guilabel:`Connect your Outlook account`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, click on :guilabel:`Connect your Outlook account`.
```

> A new window from Microsoft opens to complete the :guilabel:`authorization process`.
> :guilabel:`Select` the appropriate email address that is being configured in Odoo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new window from Microsoft opens to complete the authorization process. Select the appropriate
email address that is being configured in Odoo.
```

.. image:: azure_oauth/verify-outlook.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Permission page to grant access between newly created app and Odoo.

> Then, allow Odoo to access the :guilabel:`Microsoft account` by clicking on :guilabel:`Yes`. After
> this, the page will navigate back to the newly configured :guilabel:`outgoing email server` in
> Odoo. The configuration automatically loads the :guilabel:`token` in Odoo, and a tag stating
> :guilabel:`Outlook Token Valid` appears in green.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, allow Odoo to access the Microsoft account by clicking on :guilabel:`Yes`. After this, the
page will navigate back to the newly configured :guilabel:`Outgoing Mail Server` in Odoo. The
configuration automatically loads the :guilabel:`token` in Odoo, and a tag stating
:guilabel:`Outlook Token Valid` appears in green.
```

> .. image:: azure_oauth/outlook-token.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Permission page to grant access between newly created app and Odoo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Nitpick: this PR is targeting the `14.0` branch, and in Runbot 14.0, the "Name" field is called "Description." I would make note of this so you can open a new PR to correct it for 15.0 user docs, after this PR is merged and forward-ported.

> Finally, click :guilabel:`Test the Connection`. A confirmation message should appear. The Odoo
> database can now send safe, secure emails through Microsoft using OAuth authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, click :guilabel:`Test Connection`. A confirmation message should appear. The Odoo database
can now send safe, secure emails through Microsoft Outlook using OAuth authentication.
```

.. tip::
   To extend the server's use, set a :guilabel:`mail.force.smtp.from` system parameter so that email
   is sent from a default “from email address” for all emails sent from the database. The value of

>    the system parameter should be the :guilabel:`username` being configured in Microsoft Outlook.

Reviewer: Question for @tiku-odoo where is this system parameter being set? What is the field name? It's a little unclear.

Reviewer 2: @samueljlieber Can you add this note in? 

note:: 
     You access the System Parameters in [developer mode] 
     (https://www.odoo.com/documentation/14.0/applications/general/developer_mode.html#developer-mode) 
     in the Settings ‣ Technical ‣ Parameters ‣ System Parameters menu.

:guilabel:`Certificates & Secrets` in the left sidebar menu. Then, a :guilabel:`Client Secret`
needs to be produced. In order to do this, click on the :guilabel:`(+) New Client Secret` button.

A window on the right will populate with the option to :guilabel:`Add a client secret`. Under
:guilabel:`Description`, type in `Odoo Fetchmail` and then set the :guilabel:`expiration date`.
There are a variety of expiration dates to choose from, including custom. A new :guilabel:`Client
Secret` will need to be produced and configured if the first one expires. In this event, there
could be an interruption of service, so the expiration date should be noted.

Next, click on :guilabel:`Add` when these two values are entered. A :guilabel:`Client Secret Value`
and :guilabel:`Secret ID` will be created. It is important to copy the :guilabel:`Value` or
:guilabel:`Client Secret Value` into a notepad as it will become encrypted after leaving this page.
The :guilabel:`Secret ID` is not needed.

.. image:: azure_oauth/secretvalue.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Client Secret Value or Value in the app's credentials.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After these steps, the following items should be ready to be set up in Odoo:
- A client ID (:guilabel:`Client ID` or :guilabel:`Application ID`)
- A client secret (`Value` or :guilabel:`Client Secret Value`)
```

API permissions
---------------

The :guilabel:`API permissions` should be set next. First, click the :guilabel:`API permissions`
link, located in the left menu bar. Next, click on the :guilabel:`(+) Add a Permission` button

> and select :guilabel:`Microsoft Graph` under :guilabel:`Commonly Used Microsoft APIs`. After select
> the :guilabel:`Delegated Permissions` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and select :guilabel:`Microsoft Graph` under :guilabel:`Commonly Used Microsoft APIs`. Next, select
the :guilabel:`Delegated Permissions` option.
```

> The :guilabel:`API permissions` should be set next. First, click the :guilabel:`API permissions`
> link, located in the left menu bar. Next, click on the :guilabel:`(+) Add a Permission` button
> and select :guilabel:`Microsoft Graph` under :guilabel:`Commonly Used Microsoft APIs`. After select
> the :guilabel:`Delegated Permissions` option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`API permissions` should be set next. Odoo will need specific API permissions to be able to read (IMAP) and send (IMAP) emails in the Microsoft 365 setup. First, click the :guilabel:`API permissions` link, located in the left menu bar. Next, click on the :guilabel:`(+) Add a Permission` button and select :guilabel:`Microsoft Graph` under :guilabel:`Commonly Used Microsoft APIs`. After select the :guilabel:`Delegated Permissions` option.
```

In the search bar, search for the following :guilabel:`Deregulated permissions` and click
:guilabel:`Add permissions` for each one:

- :guilabel:`SMTP.Send`
- :guilabel:`IMAP.AccessAsUser.All`

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`User.Read` permission will be added by default.

.. image:: azure_oauth/permissions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: API permissions added for the app.

> Assign Users and Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assign users and groups
```

=======================

After adding the API permissions, navigate back to the :guilabel:`Overview` of the

> :guilabel:`Application` in the top of the menu on the left-hand side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Application` in the top of the left sidebar menu.
```

Now, add users to this application. Under the :guilabel:`Essentials` overview table, click on the
link labeled :guilabel:`Managed Application in Local Directory`, or the last option on the bottom
right-hand side of the table.

.. image:: azure_oauth/managed-application.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Link to the created application and to add users/groups.

In the left menu bar, select :guilabel:`Users and Groups`. Next, click on :guilabel:`(+) Add
User/Group`. Depending on the account, either a :guilabel:`Group` and a :guilabel:`User` can be
added, or only :guilabel:`Users`. Personal accounts will only allow for :guilabel:`Users` to be
added.

> Then, add the users or group of users that will be sending emails from the :guilabel:`Microsoft
> account` in :guilabel:`Odoo` by clicking on :guilabel:`None Selected` under :guilabel:`Users` or
> :guilabel:`Groups`. :guilabel:`Add` the users/groups, click :guilabel:`Select`, and then
> :guilabel:`Assign` them to the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under :guilabel:`Users` or :guilabel:`Groups`, click on :guilabel:`None Selected` and add the users
or group of users that will be sending emails from the :guilabel:`Microsoft account` in Odoo.
:guilabel:`Add` the users/groups, click :guilabel:`Select`, and then :guilabel:`Assign` them to the
application.
```

-----------------------------------

First, open the Odoo database and navigate to the :guilabel:`Apps` module. Then, remove the
:guilabel:`Apps` filter from the search bar and type in `Outlook`. After that, install the module
called :guilabel:`Microsoft Outlook`.

Next, navigate to :guilabel:`Settings --> General Settings`, and under the :guilabel:`Discuss`
section, ensure that the checkbox for :guilabel:`External Email Servers` is checked. This populates
a new option for :guilabel:`Outlook Credentials`.

:guilabel:`Save` the progress.

Then, copy and paste the :guilabel:`Client ID` (Application ID) and :guilabel:`Client Secret
(Client Secret Value)` into the respective fields and :guilabel:`Save` the settings.

Configure outgoing email server
-------------------------------

After that, on the :guilabel:`General Settings` page, under the :guilabel:`External Email Servers`
setting, click the :guilabel:`Outgoing Email Servers` link to configure the Microsoft account.

Then, create a new email server and check the box for :guilabel:`Outlook`. Next, fill in the
:guilabel:`Description` (it can be anything) and the Microsoft Outlook email :guilabel:`Username`.

> If the :guilabel:`From Filter` field is empty then either enter a domain or email address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note::
If the :guilabel:`From Filter` field is empty then either enter a domain or email address. For more information refer to this documentation: [https://www.odoo.com/documentation/16.0/applications/general/email_communication/email_servers.html#use-a-default-from-email-address](url)
```

Then, click on :guilabel:`Connect your Outlook account`.

A new window from Microsoft opens to complete the :guilabel:`authorization process`. Select the
appropriate email address that is being configured in Odoo.

.. image:: azure_oauth/verify-outlook.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Permission page to grant access between newly created app and Odoo.

Then, allow Odoo to access the Microsoft account by clicking on :guilabel:`Yes`. After this, the
page will navigate back to the newly configured :guilabel:`Outgoing Mail Server` in Odoo. The
configuration automatically loads the :guilabel:`token` in Odoo, and a tag stating
:guilabel:`Outlook Token Valid` appears in green.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Test Connection`. A confirmation message should appear. The Odoo database
can now send safe, secure emails through Microsoft Outlook using OAuth authentication.

.. tip::
   To extend the server's use, set a :guilabel:`mail.force.smtp.from` system parameter so that email
   is sent from a default “from email address” for all emails sent from the database. The value of
   the system parameter should be the :guilabel:`username` being configured in Microsoft Outlook.

.. note::

>    You access the System Parameters in
>    :doc:`../../applications/general/developer_mode` in the
>    :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Parameters --> System Parameters` menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The :guilabel:`System Parameters` can be accessed by activating
   :doc:`../../applications/general/developer_mode` in the :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical -->
   Parameters --> System Parameters` menu.
```

Assign users and groups
=======================

After adding the API permissions, navigate back to the :guilabel:`Overview` of the
:guilabel:`Application` in the top of the left sidebar menu.

Now, add users to this application. Under the :guilabel:`Essentials` overview table, click on the
link labeled :guilabel:`Managed Application in Local Directory`, or the last option on the bottom
right-hand side of the table.

.. image:: azure_oauth/managed-application.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Link to the created application and to add users/groups.

In the left menu bar, select :guilabel:`Users and Groups`. Next, click on :guilabel:`(+) Add
User/Group`. Depending on the account, either a :guilabel:`Group` and a :guilabel:`User` can be
added, or only :guilabel:`Users`. Personal accounts will only allow for :guilabel:`Users` to be
added.

Under :guilabel:`Users` or :guilabel:`Groups`, click on :guilabel:`None Selected` and add the users
or group of users that will be sending emails from the :guilabel:`Microsoft account` in Odoo.
:guilabel:`Add` the users/groups, click :guilabel:`Select`, and then :guilabel:`Assign` them to the
application.

Create credentials
------------------

> Now that the app is set up, credentials need to be created for the Odoo setup. These include the 
> :guilabel:`Client ID` and :guilabel:`Client Secret`. To start, the :guilabel:`Client ID` can be 
> copied from the :guilabel:`Overview` page of the app. The :guilabel:`Client ID` or 
> :guilabel:`Application ID` is located under the :guilabel:`Display Name` in the 
> :guilabel:`Essentials` overview of the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that the Microsoft Azure app is set up, credentials need to be created for the Odoo setup. These
include the :guilabel:`Client ID` and :guilabel:`Client Secret`. To start, the :guilabel:`Client ID`
can be copied from the :guilabel:`Overview` page of the app. The :guilabel:`Client ID` or
:guilabel:`Application ID` is located under the :guilabel:`Display Name` in the
:guilabel:`Essentials` overview of the app.
```

.. image:: azure_oauth/application-id.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Application/Client ID located in the Overview of the app.

Next, the :guilabel:`Client Secret Value` needs to be retrieved. To get this value, click on
:guilabel:`Certificates & Secrets` in the left sidebar menu. Then, a :guilabel:`Client Secret`
needs to be produced. In order to do this, click on the :guilabel:`(+) New Client Secret` button.

A window on the right will populate with a button labeled :guilabel:`Add a client secret`. Under
:guilabel:`Description`, type in `Odoo Fetchmail` or something recognizable, and then set the 

> :guilabel:`expiration date`. A new :guilabel:`Client Secret` will need to be produced and 
> configured if the first one expires. In this event, there could be an interruption of service, so 
> the expiration date should be noted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`expiration date`. 

.. important::
   A new :guilabel:`Client Secret` will need to be produced and configured if the first one
   expires. In this event, there could be an interruption of service, so the expiration date should
   be noted and set to the furthest possible date.
```

Next, click on :guilabel:`Add` when these two values are entered. A :guilabel:`Client Secret Value`
and :guilabel:`Secret ID` will be created. It is important to copy the :guilabel:`Value` or
:guilabel:`Client Secret Value` into a notepad as it will become encrypted after leaving this page.
The :guilabel:`Secret ID` is not needed.

.. image:: azure_oauth/secretvalue.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Client Secret Value or Value in the app's credentials.

After these steps, the following items should be ready to be set up in Odoo:
- A client ID (:guilabel:`Client ID` or :guilabel:`Application ID`)

> - A client secret (`Value` or :guilabel:`Client Secret Value`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A client secret (:guilabel:`Value` or :guilabel:`Client Secret Value`)
```

This completes the setup on the :guilabel:`Microsoft Azure Portal` side.

Setup in Odoo
=============

Enter Microsoft Outlook credentials
-----------------------------------

First, open the Odoo database and navigate to the :guilabel:`Apps` module. Then, remove the
:guilabel:`Apps` filter from the search bar and type in `Outlook`. After that, install the module
called :guilabel:`Microsoft Outlook`.

Next, navigate to :guilabel:`Settings --> General Settings`, and under the :guilabel:`Discuss`
section, ensure that the checkbox for :guilabel:`External Email Servers` is checked. This populates
a new option for :guilabel:`Outlook Credentials`.

:guilabel:`Save` the progress.

Then, copy and paste the :guilabel:`Client ID` (Application ID) and :guilabel:`Client Secret
(Client Secret Value)` into the respective fields and :guilabel:`Save` the settings.

Configure outgoing email server
-------------------------------

> After that, on the :guilabel:`General Settings` page, under the :guilabel:`External Email Servers`
> setting, click the :guilabel:`Outgoing Email Servers` link to configure the Microsoft account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the :guilabel:`General Settings` page, under the :guilabel:`External Email Servers` setting,
click the :guilabel:`Outgoing Email Servers` link to configure the Microsoft account.
```

click the :guilabel:`Outgoing Email Servers` link to configure the Microsoft account.

Then, create a new email server and check the box for :guilabel:`Outlook`. Next, fill in the
:guilabel:`Description` (it can be anything) and the Microsoft Outlook email :guilabel:`Username`.

Then, cick on :guilabel:`Connect your Outlook account`.

A new window from Microsoft opens to complete the :guilabel:`authorization process`. Select the
appropriate email address that is being configured in Odoo.

.. image:: azure_oauth/verify-outlook.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Permission page to grant access between newly created app and Odoo.

Then, allow Odoo to access the Microsoft account by clicking on :guilabel:`Yes`. After this, the
page will navigate back to the newly configured :guilabel:`Outgoing Mail Server` in Odoo. The
configuration automatically loads the :guilabel:`token` in Odoo, and a tag stating
:guilabel:`Outlook Token Valid` appears in green.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Test Connection`. A confirmation message should appear. The Odoo database
can now send safe, secure emails through Microsoft Outlook using OAuth authentication.

.. tip::

>    To extend the server's use, set a :guilabel:`mail.force.smtp.from` system parameter so that email

Reviewer 3: Need line break here before or at 100th char.
```suggestion
   To extend the server's use, set a :guilabel:`mail.force.smtp.from` system parameter so that
   email
```

>    is sent from a default “from email address” for all emails sent from the database. The value of

Reviewer 3: Would italicize this since we're indirectly referring to a field/gui element.

```suggestion
   is sent from a default *from email address* for all emails sent from the database. The value of
```

needs to be produced. In order to do this, click on the :guilabel:`(+) New Client Secret` button.

A window on the right will populate with a button labeled :guilabel:`Add a client secret`. Under
:guilabel:`Description`, type in `Odoo Fetchmail` or something recognizable, and then set the
:guilabel:`expiration date`.

.. important::
   A new :guilabel:`Client Secret` will need to be produced and configured if the first one expires.
   In this event, there could be an interruption of service, so the expiration date should be noted
   and set to the furthest possible date.

Next, click on :guilabel:`Add` when these two values are entered. A :guilabel:`Client Secret Value`
and :guilabel:`Secret ID` will be created. It is important to copy the :guilabel:`Value` or
:guilabel:`Client Secret Value` into a notepad as it will become encrypted after leaving this page.
The :guilabel:`Secret ID` is not needed.

.. image:: azure_oauth/secretvalue.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Client Secret Value or Value in the app's credentials.

After these steps, the following items should be ready to be set up in Odoo:

> - A client ID (:guilabel:`Client ID` or :guilabel:`Application ID`)

Reviewer 4: RST requires an extra blank line before and after lists.
```suggestion

- A client ID (:guilabel:`Client ID` or :guilabel:`Application ID`)
```
